docs: misc docs reorganize and cleanups (#2768)
bentoml/BentoML: docs/source/integrations/sagemaker.rst

=============
AWS SageMaker
=============

BentoML makes deploying models to SageMaker easier! Try deploying your model with
BentoML and bentoctl to SageMaker: https://docs.bentoml.org/en/latest/deployment/aws_sagemaker.html

> Model deployment on SageMaker natively requires users to build their API server with
> Flask/FastAPI and containerize the flask app by themselves, when not using the built-in
> algorithms. BentoML provides a high-performance API server for users without the need
> for lower-level web server development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To deploy any models on SageMaker natively, users are required to build their API server with
Flask/FastAPI and containerize the corresponding application themselves. 
BentoML, on the other hand, provides a high-performance API server for users to easily deploy to SageMaker without the need for lower-level web server development.

```

Author: we will rewrite this page soon

=============
AWS SageMaker
=============

BentoML makes deploying models to SageMaker easier! Try deploying your model with

> BentoML and bentoctl to SageMaker: https://docs.bentoml.org/en/latest/deployment/aws_sagemaker.html

Reviewer: This link is broken I believe.

Author: this page is hidden rn, will need a complete rewrite
